# Requirements for "Turning Event Logs into Business Metrics" Project

## Part 1: Build a Conversion Funnel
1. **Create the Conversion Funnel**:
   - Use the "raw_user_activity" sheet to build a conversion funnel.
   - The funnel should have **3 stages**: product page views → cart opens → purchases.
   - Count **unique users** at each stage of the funnel.
   - Add columns in the pivot table to calculate:
     - **Total conversion rate** (product page views to purchases).
     - **Conversion rate to the next step** (e.g., product page views to cart opens, cart opens to purchases).

## Part 2: Prepare Data for Cohort Analysis
2. **Filter and Isolate Purchases**:
   - Create a new sheet tab called `purchase_activity`.
   - Filter out only the **purchase events** from the "raw_user_activity" sheet.
   - Copy the filtered data into the `purchase_activity` sheet (you should have 4,845 rows).
   - Reset the filter in the "raw_user_activity" sheet after copying.

3. **Calculate First Purchase Dates**:
   - Create a new pivot table in the `purchase_activity` sheet called `first_purchase`.
   - In the pivot table, calculate the **first purchase date** (minimum `event_date`) for each user.
   - Use a `VLOOKUP` function to add the `first_purchase_date` to each row in the `purchase_activity` sheet, corresponding to each user.

4. **Set Up Monthly Data for Cohorts**:
   - Create three new columns in the `purchase_activity` sheet:
     - **event_month**: Use the `TEXT()` function to convert `event_date` to the YYYY-MM format.
     - **first_purchase_month**: Use the `TEXT()` function to convert `first_purchase_date` to the YYYY-MM format.
     - **cohort_age**: Use the `DATEDIF()` function to calculate the number of months between the `first_purchase_date` and the `event_date`.

## Part 3: Calculate Retention Rates
5. **Group Data into Cohorts**:
   - Create a new pivot table in a new sheet called `cohort_analysis`.
   - The pivot table should group users by their **first purchase month**.
   - The pivot table should track users by **cohort age** (months 1 through 4).

6. **Calculate Retention Rates**:
   - Create a new sheet called `retention_rates`.
   - Add row labels for each cohort (e.g., January 2022, February 2022, etc.).
   - Add column labels for cohort ages (1 month, 2 months, 3 months, and 4 months).
   - In the table, calculate **retention rates** for each cohort by dividing the number of users who made a purchase by the total users in the cohort (for each cohort age).

## Part 4: Organize and Document the Spreadsheet
7. **Executive Summary**:
   - Fill in the `Executive Summary` sheet with:
     - A brief summary of the key results and conclusions from your analysis (conversion funnel and retention rates).
     - Key assumptions you made during the analysis.
  
8. **Reorder and Organize Sheets**:
   - Organize the sheets in the following order:
     1. **Table of Contents** sheet (first).
     2. **Executive Summary** sheet (second).
     3. Analytical results sheets (e.g., `conversion_funnel`, `retention_rates`).
     4. Sheets used for calculations (e.g., `cohort_analysis`).
     5. Raw data sheets (e.g., `raw_user_activity`).
   - Fill in the **Table of Contents** with the organized sheet order and a brief description of each section.

9. **Format for Readability**:
   - Format numbers, dates, and cells for easy readability.
   - Use borders, bold fonts for column headers, freeze top rows, and highlight key calculations for clarity.
  
## Part 5: Project Submission
10. **Submit Your Project**:
    - Share your Google Sheets file with **view-only access** by clicking the "Share" button and generating a shareable link.
    - Include a link to your Google Sheets file in your submission for reviewers to access the project.

