# Data Visualization Project - Superstore Analysis

## Part 1: Profits & Losses
1. **Identify the Two Biggest Profit Centers and Loss-Makers:**
   - Create a visualization to show the top two combinations of dimensions (e.g., subcategory + region, shipping mode + product ID) associated with the highest profits and losses.
   - Justify your conclusion with this visualization.

2. **Which Products Should the Superstore Stop Selling?**
   - Create a visualization that identifies which products result in the most losses.
   - Justify your conclusion with this visualization.

3. **Which Product Subcategories Should the Store Focus On and Which Should They Stop Selling?**
   - Identify the top 3 most profitable product subcategories to focus on.
   - Identify the bottom 3 least profitable product subcategories to stop selling.
   - Justify your conclusion with a visualization.

---

## Part 2: Advertising
4. **Best Combinations of States and Months to Advertise:**
   - Create a visualization of average profit per unit sold for the best combinations of state and month.
   - Identify the 3 best combinations of states and months to advertise in.
   - Make a case for how much the superstore should be willing to spend on advertising based on these combinations.

5. **Return on Ad Spend:**
   - Calculate the maximum ad spend the superstore should be willing to pay for the best advertising months and states.
   - The superstore should be willing to spend **1/5 of profits** on advertising.

---

## Part 3: Returned Items
6. **Which Products Have the Highest Return Rate?**
   - Create a visualization to identify which products have the highest return rates.
   
7. **Which Customers Have the Highest Return Rate?**
   - Create a visualization to identify which customers have the highest return rates.

8. **Average Profit vs. Average Return Rate:**
   - Create a visualization that shows the relationship between average profit and return rate.
   - Choose a dimension (e.g., state, shipping mode, product type) for this analysis.
   - Make an argument for why the superstore should or should not continue business based on this dimension.

---

## Part 4: Submitting Your Project
9. **Submission Requirements:**
   - Prepare a ZIP archive containing:
     1. **README.md** file with a link to your published workbook on Tableau Public.
     2. Your **Tableau workbook file** (.twb or .twbx).
     3. All additional required files (e.g., data files, custom calculated fields) — ensuring that the total size of the archive does not exceed **9 MB**.
   
   - Once your project is complete, submit the ZIP archive to the designated platform for review.
